User Stories 

1.	As a user, I would like the app to suggest a holiday destination for me depending on my preferences (have bubbles with interests and suggest a country depending on my interests)
1.1 	As developers, we have to come up with 35 countries and 5 words that relate to the country 
1.2 	As developers, we have to research popular destinations for the countries 
1.3	As developers, we have to code the bubble UI with different interests in bubbles that the user can choose from
2.	As a user, I would like to pinpoint, on an interactive map, a holiday destination of my choice 
2.1	 As developers, we have to locate the 35 countries on a world map and code the map interface
3.	As a user, I would like to look at the popular holiday destinations for the country of my choice/ suggested country
3.1	As developers, we have to create a window that will display the popular destinations of the suggested country 
4. 	As a user, I would like to be able to choose whether I want to pinpoint on a map or get a suggested country depending on my interest  
4.1	As developers, we have to create a Home page where the user can choose whether they want to pinpoint the country on the map or whether they want the app to suggest a country depending on their preferences 
5.	As a user, I would want to be able to do multiple searches
5.1 	As developers, we have to create a Home button, that will allow the user to go to Home page anytime 
6. 	As a user, I would want to be able to save my favourites
7.	As a user, I would like to be able to take a screenshot of the suggested destination and attractions
7.1	As developers, we have to create a Screenshot button that will allow the user to screenshot the suggested destinations
8.	As a user, I would want to see prices for attractions
8.1	As developers, we have to calculate an estimated price for the attractions
9.	As a user, I would want to be directed to a booking website depending on my suggested destination
10.	As a user, I want to rate the app and give my opinion
10.1	As developers, we have to create a page where the user can rate the app and give feedback 
11.	As a user, I want to see the weather forecasts in my future holiday destinations
12.	As a user, I want to have a personal account to access
13.	As a user, I want to share the app with my friends
13.1	As developers, we have to create a Share button that will allow the user to share the suggested destinations 
14.	As a user, I would like to have suggestions to destinations that I haven’t been to
15.	As a user, I want a logo to recognise the app
16.	As an admin, I would like to add countries to the app
17.	As an admin, I would like to add attractions to the app
18. 	As an admin, I would like to change the words in the bubbles
19.	As an admin, I would like to receive feedback from the users
20.	As an admin, I would like to see the most popular destinations

